I keep seeing pictures like this and I'm starting to feel like if any of the fat people I know decided to lose weight I wouldn't recognize their faces anymore.

Edit: A passing thought became my most upvoted comment by a huge margin. Thanks Reddit! 
9/10 would take to olive garden. 
Not to be confused with [Two friends who got fat together] (https://i.imgur.com/5ISNvR5.jpg) 
The girl in the flower dress did a good job, but clearly she's been skipping left leg day 
Surely they’re sisters  
LPT: If you're already skinny and want karma, take a selfie, get really fat, take another selfie, then pass them off as before and after pictures. 
Good on them for getting fit and healthy. 
They did a great fucking job! They look like two entirely different people  
Why are so many of these pictures on the front page? 
They did this by switching their diet up a little bit. They were consuming somewhere in the ballpark of 3500 calories daily and it took its toll. After a trip to the doctor who gave them an ultimatum "get your eating habits on track or your health is going to suffer" they decided to make the change. Luckily the one girl has a super supportive father and he invented something for them to eat. Peanut butter and graham cracker sandwiches.  
They're actually sisters, not friends. I went to high school with them and there were the sweetest girls. So glad to see them looking amazing! 
From White Castle to White Chicks. 
I feel like this pic is stolen from somewhere cause they're definitely genetically related. 
ITT: guys who like "bigger" girls.  
Plot twist: 

After | Before 
Super fit or not, everyone always looks so much more attractive when they have a slimmer face. Nice job to these two. 
As a former obese guy, being a healthy weight and in decent shape is fucking awesome. 

No joke that people treat you better, the opposite sex pays more attention, I can take the stairs if I don't feel like riding in the elevators and beat people in the lobby to my floor, I workout in an office gym and doing weighted pullups is practically showing off, I can hustle to beat a crosswalk as a pedestrian and not even breath hard, clothes fit better, I can eat whatever i want and the worst thing anyone can say is "how do you eat that and not gain weight" like it's fucking magic 

The list goes on. And it's all on top of not having bad joints and heart problems.  
I lost 77 pounds (35kg) over the last 18 months. It’s literally two of my 3 year old toddlers worth of weight.  
I kinda like the fat slutty versions better.   
Props to these two. Best part, they both look confident and happy in both pictures! Congrats on your success!  
Ugh I am going in the opposite direction. 
I like em bigger lol 
Smoking hot in both pictures.  
It's great to see friends helping each other achieving their goals 
I bet they just got locked in one-uping each other.   Like one of them was like "That bitch lost 5lbs....I'll show her..."


 
I can't be the only one that thinks the picture on the left looks better... 
You gals look great and congratulations on your American teeth. 
This confirms what I always thought: some fat girls with a cute face have potential to be really attractive when they lose the excess weight. 
Nice job ladies. You put years on your life.  
7dpcoq
[deleted] 
Amazing transformation, congratulations to you both.  Though her forced, watercooler-smile in the second pic is hilarious.

___

Edit: Just want to clarify that it's not my intention to make fun of her in any way.  It's a funny smile we all do once in a while and I think it's hilarious that OP ended up capturing it in the after picture.  If you're reading this OP, tell her  she looks great, and despite some of the meaner/weirder comments in here, tell her that all the normal people on Reddit are proud of her, her hard work and her new look! 
Woah... 45kg? That's, like... at least 3 pounds... 
How'd she get so much taller? 
My favorite thing about this post is how proud OP is of their girlfreind 
That's 99lbs in case anyone else was wondering. 
My girlfriend found a better paying job, then got a bigger place, better car and felt good enough to change her life and drop 65kgs. Did I mention that I weigh 65 kgs? 
I recognize the stance in the second photo, it's the "my confidence is slowly climbing, but not quite there yet" stance us formerly big people rock for awhile.  Editing to add great job to ops gf, forgot that in my initial post.  
I see she has also made the migration to the indoors, where it is safe. 
Damn she's doing great  
Wow, my girlfriend and I didn’t expect these much love. We adore you guys. We just want to clarify things why she FINALLY decided to lose weight. First of all, I love her so much even if she will gain the weight back. 

So, her two main reasons are being comfortable with her appearance and becoming fit and healthy as we are planning to have a baby. 

It was a rough road for both of us especially her because of her addiction to sweets. She made only small ajustments at the beginning. The goal was not to starv herself, but to make better choices when it comes to meals. She started swapping her breakfast with healthier options. When she got used to it, she did the same with dinner. She still eats ‘normally’for lunch, especially when you know she is a nurse and needs a lot pf energy to walk around all day. The hardest part for her was to stop the snacks. Once her food habits changed and the cravings stop, she started exercising. We bought a rowing machine and she does her workout when she gets back from work, watching TV. She has been having the same routine for months and months and now the results are here. Let’s not forget that every Saturday is cheatday and she eats what she wants because she deserves it so much. If you want any advice, you can directly message her; reddit username: juuxe_

P.S. She won’t be leaving me for someone else. Here’s a photo of us happily together. :) 

(https://i.imgur.com/Z1Dqs5Z.jpg) 

 
Nice, is your girlfriend single?
 
Goddammit /r/pics. 
She looks much taller now. 
45kg is no joke.  That's a ton of weight to lose and pretty difficult!  What a commitment!  
Hey you should put this on the weight loss subreddit! You must be so proud of her :) 
This is wonderful, congrats to her for all her hard work and success 
A progress pic? See you folks on the front page!  
good for her! 
Congratulations to her!!  What a great achievement that she made for herself!  And I'm sure it took a lot of love and support from you as well, to help her with all the hard work it took!

Way to go you two! 
Oh if only there was a subreddit for progress pics. 

Oh wait, there is. 

/r/progresspics 
What a change. Congrats. Happy for her  
She was beautiful before and she's beautiful after.  If she's happier now than that's fantastic for both of you. 
Good for her! 

I need to lose about the same amount, and I’d love to finally achieve that goal, some day... 
Seriously, what kind of asshole would put the idea of her leaving him into his head? Noone does it like that. If someone has been in a state of unkempt self confidence, and finds a new self worth, they usually stay pretty humble. That said, there's quite a lot of fucks here on this... *lovely* site called 👽Reddit... 
Congratulations! That is a very challenging accomplishment. I lost 160 lbs (and not finished yet); I know I have fallen into bad habits again - yay depression. However with support, the right mentality and motivation the weight will stay off for good. All the best to you both. 
That is amazing. Congrats. My aunt went through a similar transformation these past two years and can really help a person grow. Figuratively of course.... 
There are multiple subs for this kind of stuff. this is r/pics not r/progresspics 
Wow! That's so impressive :) Keep up the good work! 
7do1kc
So... He wins at cosplaying? Or should we call it a draw? 
I've had worse.  
It's just a flesh wound! 
Quality costume? *Check.*

Right body proportions? *Check.*

Hopping around on torso? ...

*I am disappoint.* 
###'TIS BUT A SCRATCH 
H-how does he control that thing? 
He could also be Anakin from episode 3 
[If you're reposting, then maybe come up with an original title at least?](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=If+you%27re+picky+about+cosplaying+your+body+type%2C+then+you%27ll+love+this+guy%21&include_over_18=on&sort=relevance&t=all) 
Hahaha amazing. I'm laughing just recalling the knight's monologue in my head  
Running away??? 
its just a flesh wound. 
'tis but a scratch. 
Me: downvote
OP: “Just a flesh wound”. 
What is this from?  
How does he steer? 
THE BLACK KNIGHT ALWAYS TRIUMPHS!!! 
So it wasn't a draw the black night won the fight in the end.  
Lean into your shortcomings 
Nice 
None shall pass! 
Holy Grail, invisible horses, knights without armor, er, arms 

 
I'm American, but for some reason the first thing to come to mind was Lord Buckethead. I think I may have been brainwashed. 
All right, we'll call it a draw! 
So amazing. Love this one. 
This guy seems like he'd be the best wingman for any shenanigans you can think of. 
A thousand times YES 
...kyle? Is that you? 
It is also an 'Scarrrrrred for Life' achievement in Crusader Kings 2: Reapers Due. 
A mere flesh wound 
7dnua5
Awesome, you must be so happy! My son was not much later than yours, and he's 15 and bigger than I am now (you'd never know he was a preemie). You always worry when they are in the NICU, but love the little guy and I'm sure everything will be fine in the end.  
This’ll be the best story when he’s a toddler

*You were premature, but the doctors put glowing things on your hands and a cool mask on you so you survived* 
Sweet LED mods bro 
Oh fuck. Congrats on being a mom buddy, better throw little Levi a sick NICU graduation party when he leaves💕 
Edit: Mom, not dad. Happy for you in any case! 
My daughter was born at 25 weeks, and now at almost 2yr old she's got attitude to fill a room.  Preemie's are fighters and they will let you know it! 
Go on Levi!!!  
Seems like an upvote is the equivalent of 'thoughts and prayers' but having been in a similar situation, different country, I'll think of little Levi and wish you all the best. 
There's always one who turns up to the party way too early 

Best wishes to Levi and family 
My daughter was born at 32 weeks because I had preeeclampsia. The one thing that got me through our time in the NICU was seeing the photo wall of so many kids, of a variety of ages, that had been preemies. There is light at the end of the tunnel! My daughter is now 5 and bigger than all the girls in her kindergarten class. Levi will be home soon! Much love!  
Right now, somewhere in the world, some engineer or scientist is working on the next innovation or invention so that life can be possible... God bless Medical advances. 
Chin up buddy, my sister was born around 24 weeks, doctors said she'd never make it, but she did and she just bought her first house. 
Best of luck, there's always hope. 
I posted this before but it applies here, preemies are a lot stronger than you think, here's wishing your family a very bright future!!

I can defiantly relate. My daughter was born at 24 weeks 3 days weighing 1 lb 9 oz. Her lungs collapsed the first night. She spent 5 months in the NICU but the hospital was only a 10 min drive from my house. She is now 3 years old. She has never and still doesn't eat anything by mouth but I feed her through a g-tube connected to a mickey button implanted in her stomach every few hours. Besides that she is perfectly normal and the happiest toddler you'll ever meet. She is the strongest person I've ever known and my inspiration through any tough times that may come. It always almost brings me to tears when she comes up to me and starts singing Green Day's Brainstew =). I used to sing that to her when I had to wake up every three hours during the night to feed her. "I'm having trouble trying to sleep" dunuh ... dunuh dunuh dunuh 
"Let me tell you about the time 2 E.T. fingers kept you going son..." 
Bless you both. May your lives be filled with only joy and good fortune. 
Good looking little dude. Keep fighting buddy! Much love Mom and Dad! You guys are rockstars. 
Good vibes, little buddy! And good luck to you and your SO. The NICU is zero fun and can be scary and sad at times, but stay strong for yourselves and each other. Soon you'll all be walking out together to live a beautiful life.

Source: Dad of a 32 weeker turned crazy 3 year old.  
Continue the fight Levi! 
I can't imagine what you've been through OP but stay strong! You've got a little fighter there :) 
Hello little Levi, not be long now until you get home, tough as old boots
Bet Mam and dad are proud as punch 
Good jeans!  Uh, GENES. 
I'm amazed. I didn't know humans could be viable at such a young age.

Good luck Levi. 
My daughter was a premmie. Born at 28 weeks and weighing in at 1lb 8oz. And no bigger than a book.


Now she's 17 and a huge pain in the backside.


In June this year, she had her prom and now going onto higher education.


It was a frightening time when she was born, seeing the tubes and wires but she pulled through. 
This is heart breaking and heart warming at the same time.  All the best to you and little Levi.  
24 weeker here. I'm 2 weeks away from my 35th birthday. I'm now jealous I didn't get to go to a rave, it was the 80s!

Kidding though. Hang in there! My folks where told to not bother with life support, that I'd be brain damaged, paralysed, deaf, dumb... 

I'm totally fine. Like really, I'm strong and healthy and did very well in school. My preemie status doesn't define me, no one would know unless I told them.  
As a father of a prem. I know it can feel like it'll never end.  It will be over before you know it and you'll be holding hands with your boy walking down the street in no time at all. Chin up.  
[Update] https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/7drfp7/her_first_skin_to_skin/

Levi has surpassed some of the doctors expectations and he enjoyed his first skin to skin contact with mama

Edit: thank you all for your experience strength and hope for our family, we do not think so lightly. We did not know there were so many who have shared our sympathies.  
Be strong, lil' dude! All my hopes for your family. 
Stay strong little man! 
Congratulations OP, I wish you and your family a wonderful and happy future.  
7dnzjg
That looks nothing like a finger. 
If she painted this with her fingers doesn't that make it a digital picture? 
Incredible work, must take a lot of finger prints. 
I would be very interested in seeing a sped-up video of her doing a painting like that. 
Both are cute. ;) 
Zoop👉😎👈 
Very good. 
So cool 
Yeah! Picked up the dog, dipped him into paint, and delicately flung him against the canvass with her gloved fingers.  
Looks like giving your dog a bath while on LSD. 
Bob Ross type show?   Teach us to make happy accidents on canvas.  
well, it better be good as it was copied from a great photograph. 
Something something finger-roo. 
The dog's name is Finger.  
LMFAO! 
They call him finger but I never see him fing. oh there he goes. 
LOL 
7dreqx
They're immigrants from Easter Island. 
Rumor has it their bodies are buried under the rest of the snow. Grab a shovel! 
Could be a calvin and hobbes cartoon 
Wow, OP's good at this.

[From 2013](https://i.imgur.com/2wtUo15.jpg).

[Two heads](https://i.redd.it/r2o8sjv172xz.jpg).

[Blue eyes](https://i.redd.it/zq933ji8z7xz.jpg). 
Easter before Christmas? 
Did dum-dum have yum-yum? 
The Snoai 
Beautiful house bro 
If you dig through the center of the earth from Easter island you come out in ohio... 
Great work as usual! Wish I was still in KW to see these!  
You have a lovely house. I’ve always fancied brick. 
What are the odds? I just get these massive drifts that build up around my house, but never this. 
r/oopsdidntmeanto 
ONTERRIBLE 
They should have red holiday hats. 
I bet they just walked right on up to your snow-covered lawn and plopped down. 
 I wish where I lived we got snow like this ,I don't think I have seen proper snow since like 2010. 
Why are there 2 front doors? One of which makes you jump over a brick wall. 
That's pretty cool but who just plays with other people's snow? :/ Like, maybe I wanted to go out and have tons of fun in the fresh powder. Now it's just hard, crunchy, shit infused snow that nobody can have fun with. 
That's actually really cool. A nice alternative to the much more commonplace snowmen that everyone does.  
Wow! Never in a million years did I expect to recognize a house on reddit, I drive past every day! I always enjoy seeing these!  
Snow Moai 
Ah yes, the Camerons have shown me your work! Beautiful stuff.  
I hear they walked themselves to their resting place but nobody really knows. 
This is how all the snow disappears each season. The rival kids in the neighbourhood each make more and bigger statues using up all the available resources until there's nothing left. Then the kids have to leave kidulthood and seek resources in adult jobs, leaving behind a barren wasteland that will confuse and excite archeologists for decades to come. 
Hilarious  
Kw represent 
Is this in Milwaukee? 
Was it Easter? 
7dnhvq
It looks like this post is about US Politics. Various methods of filtering out content relating to US Politics can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/wiki/v2/resources/filter/politics).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pics) if you have any questions or concerns.* 
Reverse image search says Photoshop. Goddammit wanted it to be real so badly.  
This would definitely be my Facebook profile picture. 
This is Belgian comedian Robert Van Impe.

[Unedited photo](https://i.imgur.com/iKCPukp.jpg)


[Another one of his](https://i.imgur.com/MUI7mQU.png)
 
He's just plainclothes Secret Service.  Deep undercover. [closes eyes]  Deep, deep, under * yawn * covers. 
Is this in Minnesota? Looks exactly like the trains here. 
Simpson's tie brings it all together. 
Is this mn's light rail?!?!?! WE'RE FAMOUS MINNESOTA WE DID IT 
FYI. That’s not the president. That’s just a tired guy with a Simpson’s tie. 

Edit: spelling. Doh! 
This is photoshoped by 'a mediocre dude from Belgium called Average Rob'. He is a Belgian internet sensation and is know for his photoshop skills. You should check him out on IG where he puts up all his work!  

IG: Average Rob. 

Ps. I could link his IG but I dont know if I'm allowed.
 
whats the story behind this picture?  
Let's face it, this isn't the worse photo of a politician and a sleeping person that we've seen this week.  
Can you imagine waking up to see Obama standing over you while you have drool running out the side of your mouth?  I think I might imagine myself dead or dreaming 
Obama is definitely envious of that tie!  
Disturbing trend of democrats taking candid pictures with sleeping people! /s 
Looks like [Arnold](http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/gifs/arnold-schwarzenegger-matrix-commando-knockout-shh-no-tears-1357288255C.gif?id=) has struck again!  
If I were Obama I would wake him up abruptly and say something like “Earth isn’t flat, but Mars is...” then calmly walk away. Nobody would ever believe him. 
Why does he look like he has a cigar in the reflection?  
Please tell me they took this on HIS phone?? 
Obama takes out the dudes phone takes a selfie with him and puts it back 
are they crazy! thats totally a sleeper agent 
He's actually secret service..

They're just THAT good 
This guy's whole Instagram is basically dedicated to photoshopping himself in with celebrities haha. averagerob is his handle if anyone is interested  
If this was real, I would've been pissed that Obama didn't wake me up.  
Imagine him gently nudging you awake. That would be a tremendous moment lmao 
Something like this actually happened to me in law school. 

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was giving a talk in our large law school lecture auditorium later in the evening, and I guess some students were showing her around. I’d snuck in there for a nap while it was empty around lunch time when most people are gone.

I caught her (and others) looking at me distastefully on their way out. 

I guess I had been drooling a little or whatever. And I guess I have a little snoring problem too. 

Oh well whatever I’m human. It could happen to anybody.  
In the US, a President retains that title for life. 

He will forever be called President, or Mr. President.  
Oh, look. It's a blatant Photoshop (you can see the seat through him in the reflection in the window) but since it's r/pics and they don't give a shit about quality or legitimacy it stays up. 

r/pics Rules:

Rule #1: make the front page by any means necessary

Rule #2: only rule #1 matters

Here is the [actual photo](https://m.imgur.com/iKCPukp) 
This is quite a weird echo chamber being built in the comments.  
7dm9t3
You have approximately 1000% more skill and 10000% more free time than me. Have an upvote. 
Jesus Christ, this is so vivid and beautiful! It may not interest you but you could apply this design creativity to jewelry/phone cases/coffee mugs/etc. And get some experience with your own design brand.

Goodluck with your future! 
I like to cry in my freetime 
Sell that design to Starbucks, I bet they'll buy it.  
There’s a woman selling bedazzled cups to the stars for $500/ea. You should do the similar. Awesome work 
If that's yours, maybe considering a career in art is a decent idea? 
I also draw on cups in my free time. Only I draw crude penises on them. 
Nice! Looks like my wife's zentangles. 
Starcups. 
It’s very beautiful. Wow, colors are so vivid and live!! 
Wow you are crazy talented and very patient:)  
This is beautiful, thank you for sharing. I hope you are able to capitalise on your talent. 
So beautiful and what an inspiration!  So much better than the seasonal cups Starbucks puts out. They need to get it in gear with you and your designs. 
I wish I could send this directly to the company! This is amazing and better than any of their designs ive seen.  
Woah! Starbucks should use this for their next holiday cup. It’s gorgeous. 
Apply to their marketing dept. immediately  
What medium? 
showed this to my 11 year old daughter, her response "oh I know who did that, her name is Carrah" 
you are famous! 
Starbucks needs to hire you for seasonal cups.  Asap. 
Once again, you are amazing. Please keep posting. 
That's incredible!! Have you ever considered becoming a tattoo artist? 
... You should switch to mugs and sell them. I'd pay for something like this I can chuck in the dishwasher. 
I'm rarely this impressed.  
I hope Starbucks uses your skill to make some sweet cups in the future. 
 Starbucks needs to hire you for their cup design team. Like, yesterday.  
You have so much talent. I’ve never seen such a beautiful cup! 
Make this a cup Starbucks!  
Wow that's pretty sick 
Need a before pic for the full effect. But this is beautiful. 
7dm866
They're practicing, this is the strategy for defeating  N. Korea  
It's amazing they got a boat up that high. 
*"The Navy holds its aircrew to the highest standards and we find this absolutely unacceptable, of zero training value and we are holding the crew accountable."*


Sounds like the Navy has a solid grip on the issue.


[Source](http://www.kgw.com/news/graphic-obscene-skydrawings-spotted-in-okanogan-co/492523111) 
That's the most effective teabagging I've ever seen. 
[I think I know what went down in your valley yesterday.](https://i.imgur.com/X4oonnm.mp4) 
Yep, some of the crew are probably going to Mast for that. It's a shame, too, for something that's just going to blow away. All just dicks in the wind.

E- Thank you for the gold! I'm good on gold for the time being, and while I'm not expecting anyone else to throw more at me I just want to say that before anyone else does, consider making a donation to somewhere instead, it *is* the holiday season, after all.

E2- Sorry, I forgot the whole 'no soliciting' thing, my bad! 
That’s probably the most expensive dick ever drawn. The pilot must have trained long and hard for this moment. 
I immediately recognize the work of Navy's slightly less famous stunt squadron, the Blue Balls. 
"Sorry sir... But it looks like a giant..."
"Wang! Pay attention! 
The navy admits to [it](http://www.ktvb.com/mobile/article/news/local/regional/navy-admits-to-being-involved-in-obscene-skydrawings-over-washington/277-492538968). I live right next to where the guys who fly these planes live. I hope to find them at the local grocery store and shake their hands.  
"Pretty soon, word about the massive aerial Johnson had spread through town. One woman called KREM to complain about it, saying she didn't want to have to explain what was in the sky to her kids."

WTF is wrong with people?  like seriously lady your kids need to know what a penis is. It's not THAT big of a deal. 
When my alarm goes off in the morning it gives me a few headlines over my phone, this was one of them it went something like "Navy Crew admits to have drawn a phallus Over Washington valley" I just sat bolt upright and started laughing my ass off. Good start to my day


Edit: phallus 
This pilot should be awarded! Call NAS Whidbey Island public affairs 360-257-2286 to show your support. I personally recommended an award, or accommodation. 
We've been having a ball over in the USMC sub. Well done squids 
/Norm MacDonald/ "This once again proves my theory, the Navy is obsessed with penis." 
Those damn seamen! 
I’m not even mad.  I’m impressed.  

Finally my tax dollars *aren’t* being wasted.  Not even being sarcastic.  This makes me proud to be an American.  Just think about it: we send some of our best naval aviators into multi-million dollar fighter aircraft all to draw a magnificent mile-long schlong in the sky, just because they could.  Real life Top Gun antics.  These guys are my heroes.  The giant dick of freedom coming to fuck our enemies.  Simply beautiful.  
chemtrails all over your face 
That's pretty symmetrical, that pilot is good. 
My favorite part about this is the FAA's response:

FAA officials said unless the act poses a safety risk, there is nothing they can do about. The official said they "cannot police morality." 
Sounds like they will be flying a cargo plane full of rubber dog shit out of Hong Kong!  
In the Navy  
You can sail the seven seas  
In the Navy  
You can draw dicks in the breeze  
Now *THIS* is  product of modern, urban public education at its finest.   This is how someone thinks they can store their most valuable things "in the cloud." 
...just a happy little accident. 
USA USA USA USA USA 
The American Vandal strikes again! 
[it looks like a giant...](https://youtu.be/CpiP_jN1Pv4) 
Well that's just nuts! 
First thing I’m content with my tax dollars going towards in a long while 
7dl3kp
Are those sunglasses photoshopped on? 
More like terrified because the asshole holding him is torturing him pufferfish.
 
more like suffocating puffer fish!! 
*ridiculously agitated pufferfish 
Poor fish. Hey he looks funny when he is dieing, maybe we should put him back? Naw, let's take a selfie. 
Fixed: https://imgur.com/Grn5JCZ 
Ridiculously close to death puffer fish 
Dude it's dieng  
*I'm freakin' out on the inside!*

*but no one can tell, right? think small, puffer-self, think small...* 
i hope some predator more powerful than you, like an angry 14 year old, does the same with you some time. 
I mean, it's attempting to breathe and it can't.  What face is it supposed to make?

I wouldn't call this photogenic at all and I really wish people didn't do this for likes and karma.  It's really sad. 

I don't care if its a fish.  

 
What's more ridiculous is those sunglasses on that pufferfish.  They look like a black hole, absolutely no light gets through them or reflects off of them. 
It looks awfully happy for something on the verge of death. Is auto-errotic asphyxia cross species? 
Swsshhggg 
me_irl  
His puppy has no legs.  
Mesah Jar Jar Binks
 
Why are his glasses photoshopped 
Why do you hide your identity? I thought most people wanted to be famous!  
Jar Jar binks fat cousin? 
bait stealers 
Who’s a cute, fat little hippopotamus?! 
 Lucky you, it seems that you came across a fish that loves to laugh and good at taking selfie lmao  
I wonder if you could squish the air out without hurting it. I bet people would pay a pretty penny for the pleasure. 
It does appear that way. Would have looked better on the fish. 
I think it's a way to protect his identity without doing the black scribbles on his face. 
Better title would have been, pufferfish laughs at horrible photoshop 
[It looks like the snapchat version of the sunglasses emoji.](http://i.imgur.com/4wmRajC.jpg) I'd assume it was put on to hide the guys identity. 
Let's upvote animal abuse! 
7dpowq
Adidas...classic  
A loot crate? More like multiple with the drop rates on items 
Honestly, if I saw a guy with that, I wouldn't even be mad, that would be so fun to have. 
This guy is famous. And this is his actual job. Lucky bastard 
That red arm... 
[here is a picture of him about to dance ](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/6pahdd/waz_up/?st=JA557V79&sh=1ec20ac6)  
Its rex so that when he's shot and bleeds, it won't show up. 
Dead joke. 
Cyka blyat 
EA jokes ain't dying anytime soon. 
Seem to be lacking a sense of pride and accomplishment. 
7dpm36
BREAKING NEWS: Chewbacca comes out as a homosexual 
Wookiee wants the nooky. 
His mouth looks weird. 
Paging u/PeterMayhew 
Let the wookie win 
Is it me, or does she have a lazy eye?  Never noticed it before. 
This just in " Chewbacca heading to endor, to receive therapy for sex addiction. No ewok could offer a comment" 
> From you, [Han!](http://i.imgur.com/HQXOOsb.jpg) I learned it from [watching you!](https://youtu.be/S-qC3_oarmY?t=9s) 
Years later, Chewbacca would deny ever knowing the woman and claim the image was photoshopped.  
I'm so confused about what's okay to joke about and what's not. 
In other news, R2-D2 and C-3P0 have come to Chewbacca’s defense, “He has been nothing but respectful to Droids”. 
"I'm garrrraaaarrraaaaaaay!!!" 
 who lives in the east near the willow tree. Sexual harassment....panda.  
I'm genuinely curious what Carrie Fisher would have to say about all these allegations in hollywood if she was still around 
Calls for Chewbacca to step down from whatever the fuck it is he does. 
As bad as Franken 
 It's her fault really. Look, you can see skin. 
Here's his defense. RRRRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.  
He should step down as Hans' partner. Clearly this egregious act cannot go without punishment like Clinton, Trump, and a few hundred other celebs or politicians who are just getting their dick a little wet with no consent.  
As his lawyer, my client has the right to face his accuser in court. 

 
So what if it molested her, it's not like she is around to say anything anymore. 
Chewy has a pig snout in his mouth 
Put this pic through makeapp 
The original furry. 
It’s over her uniform so it doesn’t even really count! 
That's not Chewbacca. This Wookie is a foot shorter than Chewbacca. 
Chubakaaaaaaaaa shoal:-D 
lucky wookie 
Down boy... NO! ( is nothing sacred). 
7dowqm
[Here](https://benheine.deviantart.com/art/Heart-Shaped-Face-Barn-Owl-431608748) is the source of this image.  Credit to the visual/digital artist, [Ben Heine](http://www.benheine.com/index.php), who took this in 2013 in Rochefort, France.



As /u/Russ_Dill noted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/33maum/rainbow_barn_owl/cqmp8ew/), this has been shopped:

> This isn't playing with the saturation, its just photoshop. Here's some example of what the photographer does with images: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtBBrHSfbDI

> He then tacks on a description that matches the fantasy. The owl was not originally colorful, and it was clearly not "found" in a forest as his photo description says.

Barn owls ([Tyto alba](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barn_owl)) really look more [like this](https://farm7.staticflickr.com/6020/5973600724_ee19c2344f_o.jpg).

**Edit:** As /u/Mr-Crasp [mentioned](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/33maum/rainbow_barn_owl/cqmrpy9/), that video is hard to watch.  So [here](https://imgur.com/a/EWtA2) is an album with a few examples. 
r/superbowl 
Looks like a poppy seed loaf.  
The Owls are not what they seem. 
Sincere request:

If you’re going to post something like this, please note that it’s heavily photoshopped.  
A pretty fake owl. No owls come in that color. 
Is that Malfestio?! 
Personally I think a natural Barn Owl looks better - just me but I think this is horrible. Sorry 
Didn't fully transform back from the Goblin King. 
Looks like a Photoshopped Tyto Alba 
[deleted] 
Makes me think of The Fourth Kind  
More like pissed off owl to me.

He looks like he is about to ask me why I have violated the sanctity of this ancient ruin. 
I guess she stopped at Macies, to get s free make over by Owlain. 
Damn these colors aren't real? 
>I love to sing-a
About the moon-a and the June-a and the spring-a,
I love to sing-a,
About a sky of blue-a, or a tea for two-a,
Anything-a with a swing-a to an "I love you-a,"
I love to, I love to sing!

~Pretty Owl 
r/SuperbOwl 
Is this owl possibly a figure skater? 
Freakin' Wan Shi Tong over here lookin' all evil-like. Beautiful bird... but it looks like it has murder in its eyes. 
This may confuse the average Auburn fan and mistake it as a war eagle. 
"Are you fucking kidding me?" 
Superbowl! 
I used to have a dark breasted female (European) barn owl, this makes me miss her quite a lot. Sophie would have been ~24 now.  
r/superbowl 
Go Broncos!  
Go Gators! 
Looks like the death bird from Avatar: The Last Airbender got a color change. Good for him,  
Looks like something out of a Miyazaki film. 
Those are some sweet boot-cut jeans it has on! 
7dktsk
Wow, I would have been so scared to touch him.  Glad to hear he's doing well. 
Took me way too long to figure out where the baby was. Did you name him Waldo? 
My Premie is now a moody 15 year old and taller than me (I'm 6'0"!). 
Checking in! Due date was Sept. 23rd, 1987. Born May 28th, 1987. Turned 30 this year. No major health I had open heart surgery at 3 months old. 

I was in the NICU until the week before Thanksgiving. My mother had 5 miscarriages never lasting past 2 months before me. 

No learning disabilities, no health issues. Just a normal 30 year old bike riding, rock climbing, enjoyer of whiskey with an adorable pitbull named Dean Martin.  
Good Job Mom! 
My little guy. 1 week - 1 and a half years. https://imgur.com/gallery/tRXh0

Also born at 24 weeks, my little guy went from 3lbs, to this little stinker. He's the best! 
 My brother's due date was in mid July and his actual birth day is April 3. He was born 2 pounds, eyes fused shut. He stayed in the NICU for four months because his lungs were under developed and, for his last few weeks there, he refused to take a bottle. Next year, he turns 20. He has no health problems and is pursuing a degree in mathematics. He's one of the smartest people I know, and I'm honestly amazed when I think about where he started out. The hospital he stayed at uses him as an example still for scared parents going through a similar situation.  
Proud mom of a 24 weeker myself. He's a crazy 8 year old now with no lasting concerns related to his prematurity. I remember the first time I was able to hold him, it's a great feeling. 
Congrats! I've got a 3 year old myself who was born at 32.  
I'm pregnant and just reached 24 weeks. This post calms the worry about viability that's been simmering. Congrats on your healthy bundle!  
Congratulations on getting through the NICU! I myself was a 27 weeker 30yrs ago before kangaroo care was wide spread. I still have a picture of my dad holding me on his chest for the first time. The nurses had to sneak it while they were cleaning the isolet. I'm now a nurse on a labor and delivery floor. It's been a blessing to be able to tell very scared mom's that it is possible to be so premature and be without any of the very scary deficits the care team preps you for! 

( Now I look at the picture and think, "man, that nurse was a miracle worker to get all the tubes and wires in the shirt front without dislodging anything!" how prespectives change.) 
All three of my kiddos were born early. Spent the first several weeks of their lives in the NICU. I remember the "kangaroo" care well. Congrats, and it only gets better from here! 
World Premiturity Day should be observed the day before it is scheduled. 
Preemie checking in here - three months early, 1.75 lbs, 40 days in NICU. Happy to see another one of us doing so well!  :)

Us preemies are generally badass people, but you may want to keep a lookout for sensory sensitivity/low distress tolerance as he gets older. Exposure therapy helped me a lot, although I still *hate* touching cotton balls. :P 
I thought prematurity day was tomorrow! 
>Is now a happy, healthy 3 yo.

gonna need a pic, banana for scale, please 
Congrats!! :-)

Step son was born at 24weeks. Now a healthy 10yr old playing soccer.  
Ayyyyy nobody told me there was a day for us! As a now adult (terrifying to think about) 10 week preemie, congrats and make sure he picks up some facet of musical education :) how big(small!) was he? One of my first pictures is being held by my grandmother with a ~10inch doll that was bigger than me. 
TIL there's a "World Prematurity Day." 
Man neonatologists are fucking awesome. Glad to hear you both are doing well 
Someone very near and dear to me is an NNP and is giving a presentation at a Premie conference in Las Vegas today. Cheers to all baby helpers out there 
That's a very good pic. You should post a picture of what he looks like today, too.  
My lil man born 23 weeks 1lb 13oz. Now 15 yo and 180lb of all muscle. Few issues, no biggie. Agree that NICU nurses are angels. No human has that level of compassion. 
We are going through this at the moment.

Me and my wife are currently in the hospital whilst she recovers from an emergency c section. Our second child was born on Wednesday at 27 weeks weighing in at just over 2lbs. 

Stories like this are really helping right now.

It seems like things change hour by hour and knowing that we are powerless to change things is such a strange feeling.

He is in the best place and all nicu staff have been amazing. 

Great to see so many positive stories today. 

 
How long did you have to continue medical care  after birth? 
Glad to hear he's doing well now. My SO was born 18 weeks early and his mum showed me some of his baby pics the other day. Premie ward nurses work so hard and I'm so grateful to them or I wouldn't have my SO 
What am I looking at? I don't get it. 
I can not find the baby in this picture? 
Excuse me, that's a full grown woman.  
7dl4uu
Congrats to u/kn0thing and u/serenawilliams in marriage!!  
8 years on Reddit and I didn't get an invite.... 
Colton Haynes crying like crazy in this pic is absolutely the best! 
What a perfect couple 
dude wtf i wanna wear a cape to my wedding 
She looks great! 
Congrats guys. 
Popcorn tastes good. 
The guy on the left looks like a crying holton haynes. 
She has big boobies. 
Cool.

Congrats. 
Holy tiddies  
Welcome to the club congratulations  
Was going to make a joke about him marrying Serena Williams. Did some googling and was like oh shit didn't expect that! 
Tit man for sure. 
[deleted] 
Her breasts are very modest 
Who's the lucky dude?  
Eh. 
They should swap attire. At least it would fit them more. 
Just a question but isn't he middle eastern or are his parents/family more American? I only ask because from what I have heard, most middle eastern families frown upon marrying outside their race. I know a few Armenians that would lose their inheritance money and their mother's would have a heart attack if they even thought about bringing anything other than an Armenian girl home. Just curious if it was an issue at all. Glad to see they look so happy though.  
[removed] 
Well it explains why reddit is so vicously anti-racist to the point of hilarity.

Can't bone a black chick that you have a fetish for if your company allows everyone to make fun of black people on  /r/blackpeopletwitter. It has to be wholesome now *of course*.

It's so funny that people here will write this kind of shit about Trump but oh no, not here!

Losers.
 
Thanks. 
...user not found. 
So when I️ heard they were engaged the other day it made me do a serious WTF. Not that it couldn’t happen, but how did these two even find each other? It just seems so random to me. Is there any story to this?  
yeah... a couple of.. 
Colton Haynes, but yes..sure as shit does.

It might be.

Edit: [It is](http://people.com/sports/serena-williams-alexis-ohanian-star-studded-rehearsal-dinner/?utm_campaign=peoplemagazine&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&xid=socialflow_twitter_peoplemag) 
I saw that, young man. Not cool. 
7dq10h
28 
[Source.](http://caterinabernardi.com/) OP has other neat pictures, too. 
I can see her butt 
just because some wattery tart stands in lake... 
Goldberry! 
Beautiful, tasteful, and picturesque. Nicely done 
Winds howling 
eso es un culo 
NSFW bro. Wth 
That's beautiful.  Question: towards the right, it looks like the ridge line circles around.  Is this lake "isolated" or surrounded by the ridge line? (like a caldera filled with water)? 
If Breath of the Wild has taught me anything, Magnesis will reveal a treasure chest in that pond. 
She is going to burn... 
Classic Witcher gameplay 
That water looks very cold.  
I just realized that if the girl was replaced with a guy it would be a little weird, hahaha 
And then piranhas come and eat her 
You forgot the NSFW tag. 
I bet swimming nude in that water felt amazing.  
I like everything about this photo, especially the framing of it.  
Props to her. You know how cold that water is right now? I wouldn't dare go in that nekkid.  
She has a boxy ass 
How do you crosspost? This needs to go on r/NotSafeForNature 
I want to be classy but nice ass! 
Oh look another cliche "I'm artistic because I included a naked woman in my picture" picture. 

Edit: tell me it's not, you can't. 
i wanna have sex on that woman 
Suuhhhh girl 
Any pics of the front showing the vagina? 
OP pls 
Username checks out.


And holy shit that's hilarious. 
7dnmll
I’m pretty sure of the many uses electric cars were built for camping in the wilderness was not one of them.  
They probably said how far you can drive on a charge also. 
To play devil's advocate, I've owned two electric cars for four years combined and I've never run out of electricity. 

I did run out of gas twice in my petrol-powered cars however, back in the 90s and again in the early 2000s.

Don't blame the car, blame the driver! 
I did the math on my LEAF, If i had to charge it via Generator like this, I would get roughly 45 miles of range per gallon of Gasoline used in the generator... under all driving conditions. Which is better than any gasoline powered car on the Road (Since their economy will vary greatly on highway vs city driving). So, still better for the Environment than a Gasoline car.  
Kinda neat that you can get your fuel from so many different types of sources.  
What is with this mentality?

 When you have A and B needlessly polluting you need to fix both.  Just because you start with B doesn't mean it's not worth doing.  Everybody attempting to do thier part by fixing B wants to fix A as well, but the same idiots that think B is bad because it utilizes A, won't let them fix A. 
He does seem to appear to be in the woods, how else are you going to charge an electric car in the middle of nowhere?   
This is like something a certain type of person posts to their facebook wall to "prove" all electric vehicles are dumb. 
Now put that generator on a roof rack and you have a mobile solution! 
The worst part is the small engines on chainsaws, generators, lawnmowers, etc. often don't have emissions standards associated with them and can actually emit more contamination in the same amount of time as a running car. 
Not THAT electric car.   
I think the best type of cars are the ones that run off radiation because after a while you will become the car. 
Fuck off with this regressive propaganda.  
Should have gotten an i3 REx. REx stands for Range Extender. It comes with an on board generator that can charge the batteries for an additional 80 miles. It has a 2 gal tank. That’s still 40 miles/gal if you are relying on the generator, better than most cars. Best of all it’s painless. It turns on automatically then your charge is low while you are driving. I love the i3. It’s my commuter car.  
can anyone do the math and figure out which is more efficient? Running that generator to produce the electricity or burning the fuel to produce propulsion  
Say what you will, it's still better for the environment because the gas generator is always running on full efficiency. Cars have to stop and so on. 
Electric cars are only as green as the source they receive their charge from.  
First of all why a i3? second you are the idiot for taking that i3 into a place where it doesn't belong.  
This is the typical idiot who used to run out of gas all the time though. You can't fix stupid. 
Needs to be in the next madmax 
This is in Washington state. I guarantee it.  
This makes me think of Charlie Kelly who runs the bar green by burning trash to heat the bar and runs a generator to power the bar.  
Is that a Golf R in front of the trailer that I see there? 
Tesla was actually planning on marketing a little towable genset. They decided not enough people were interested, but I know plenty of people have done this exact thing with electric cars.

I'm actually curious about the efficiency here.

All of the extra conversion (motion to electricity to chemical-battery to electricity to motion) mean a gas engine providing drive directly is more efficient (in joules per mile) *if* you're at a cruising speed and in the engine's RPM sweet spot. That's kind of the point of hybrids. You can also run a car engine a little hotter than a genset because it's got running air moving over it (higher temperatures improve fuel efficiency). And I guess if you need to be towing a generator, that means you're probably on a long trip where you'll be at highway speeds pretty often. But that genset is going to be running at its optimal RPMs most of the time too. Even if it's not getting anything like the efficiency of a full fossil fuel power plant (which gets great efficiency compared to anything portable from its sheer scale) (that's not even mentioning clean energy power plants). So at what percentage of highway-driving-miles-powered-only-by-the-portable-genset does this break even with a gas car? I'd gamble somewhere around 40%.

Really though this just makes me wish little nuclear batteries were legal. 
Pretty sweet how flexible charging is, when you think about it. Thanks, would never have thought of this... 
Now imagine that the generator is the size of a few blocks, it's so far away from everything you don't even know where it is and that it can run on any form of fossil fuel - even coal. 
r/accidentaltopgear 
The only bad thing about my electric car is the charge like cuts by a 1/3rd in the winter 
/u/tomuky2k 
7dkrik
I'll see your slate sphere, and raise you a [SLATE TURING!!!](https://i.imgur.com/KPF4nDs.jpg) 
This is an AT&T ad isn't it?
 
Nice touch with the changing rock beneath it as well. 
Crazy how nature make dat
 
Looks flat to me. 
It’d be cooler if it had some sort of purpose.  
That's no slate sphere.. it's a space station. 
That's beautiful 
I'd still manage to break it somehow.   
Slate death star 
What is this? A deathstar for ants? 
A million stonemasons cried out in terror... and were silenced. 
7dnpko
He can have my bow. 
That beard is fantastic. 
this is a picture? i thought it was 4k 
This looks like two small people with one sitting atop the shoulders of the other.

But in all seriousness: very nice cosplay, very detailed. 
That's fantastic! 
Stop being so stoic, Stoick! 
And my axe!...No, wait, where is my axe? Hey wait a minute, Stoick has my axe!

Alright, I'll go do something else then, I guess. 
And my axe!  
[deleted] 
This guy was obviously trying to be legolas.. Duhh 
7dnhxk
Looks like the bad guys' truck from those old futuristic movies. 
I'm a simple man, with simple questions. Where the hell is the door handle? 
Can't wait to see it fully rendered.  
Can't wait for the insane production capacity of Tesla to pump these babies out at the dazzling rate of one every 4-6 months. 
Did Elon say if any trailer will be compatible or if you need a Tesla trailer? 
I think its incredibly ugly, but a great thing to see. Great step forward for the renewable revolution. We're still far away from total efficiency, but good to see we are making strides towards it. 
but, something must be wrong,  there's a driver in that truck. 
The range info is going to be very important on this kind of thing, far more than for a passenger car.   
Style reminds me of the original robocop film.   I’m ok with this.    
I can’t find the curb weight of this truck anywhere. I think that’s a pretty important number. I know this thing is rated at 80,000 lb GVWR, but if the tractor weighs 70,000 lbs, then you only have enough capacity left over to tow a small trailer with a Suburban on it.  
Lot Lizards are gonna go carazy for this! 
This is actually a pretty big deal, we burn way more fuel on transporting goods than people, so all these personal electric cars weren't really going to solve the problem. What we really need is an electric container ship.  
We're officially living in a sci-fi movie. 
I’m getting a bit of a ‘Goliath’ vibe from it 
Wow this has given me more than a semi 
Do they have to make it look like a truck from a movie where a huge apocalyptic event happened and some evil corporation took over and this truck is delivering their evil goods? 
I want to know if they have sleeping quarters. 
Does it have Ludicrous Mode? 
I reserved one,  I really believe in it. 

But I hope they release the spec and build sheet soon.

I'll be less (more) nervous about ordering one once I see the technical specifications  
[So you come here often?](https://i.imgur.com/22XqRHr.jpg) Optimus in love. 
This may be a silly question, but why is electricity cheaper than petrol? Surely we will need to generate the electricity using nuclear power, coal or something in the first place (unless we get it by solar, it course)  
[deleted] 
That's hideous  
I wanna see train mode! 
This is interesting. Personally I've always wondered why these types of trucks aren't diesel/electric hybrids similar to a freight train. Run a bio-diesel generator for electricity and use electric motors for propulsion. The mileage would be great and electric motors produce gobs of torque so towing wouldn't be an issue.  
That thing looks simultaneously ugly but awesome, and I can't explain why 
In the future, everything seems to be flat black. 
Needs more cow bell.  
Regardless on how this goes it will fuel competition and establish a nationwide implementation of electrical charging stations 
7dk971
I'd have taken that as a sign myself. 
~~This is really cool, they'd eat it up at r/oldschoolcool~~

Edit: I have been informed that the guys over at r/oldschoolcool did *not*, in fact, "eat it up". 
Could you share the story? 
Wasn't this already posted today? And by someone else? 
The Germans had riddled the beaches with traps. 
That's how superstitions are born. 
‘Dearest Mary,
The war is rough, Berties feet stink to high heaven and Thompson won’t stop using my socks to ejaculate into, while I’m wearing them. You were shot today, we had a good laugh about that then went back to advancing on the Hun. Some say we’ll be home before Christmas!
Please ask Aunt Mabel to send more nudes, and fresh socks for Thompson.’ 
The actual story according to my grandfather before he passed was that the wallet was in a bag that he carried with him.  And when he was on his tank (idk if he was in it or on it not quite sure) but someone shot the bag and managed to shoot right through the wallet. 
This picture of "mom" was in dad's pocket during WWII about 1945. 
Oh yeah that was me.  It wasn't doing too well over on r/oldschoolcool so I took it down and thought it'd do better over here.  
Why did i laugh so hard at this? 
Subtlety is the key to successful comedy. 

The only way your comment could've been less subtle is if you crammed in a fart joke at the end.  
You know what really happened is he just wanted to pretend she was blowing him again. Probably had a warm potato on the other side.  
Thanks for sharing. This must've been a great story to share with his wife lol. 
Oh gee thanks. So was he shot or was his pocket shot?

Oh wait you're not even OP. Thanks for the chat. 
"Gold" worthy comment :D 
No need to take it down. Cross posting isn't reposting. 
Oh well fuck. 

I thought they would have loved it over there, Definetely one of the coolest things i would have seen in a while. 
"somebody's shit my pants!" 
Oh I'm new to Reddit not quite sure how reposting rules work.  Thank you.  
Alas /r/oldschoolcool really acts more like /r/oldschoolhot 
No problem. Think of each subreddit as being distinct. 
7doosa
That is what is referred to as "a heluva lot of hard work" 
meanwhile it hurts when I make too big of a poo 
Looks like she might have gotten *diastasis recti*, or the separation of the large abdominal muscles, from the pregnancy as well, which makes the change back from pregnancy that much more difficult, since it limits what you can do.  Good on her for staying healthy and not saying “screw it” 
in the thumbnail i thought the trick was that she could make her stomach look extremely bloated. I actually had a guy friend that could do that and it was pretty hilarious/gross.  
That first picture looks like she's about to explode. Pictures like this make pregnancy seem so scary. Her skin is great, though. 
This is Revi Jane. She is a fitness instructor and is big on her social media. 
She caught some shade when she was shown doing snatch reps whilst pregnant, and a lot of "experts" had chimed in and berated her. I think she handled it well and this lady is pretty awesome. Inspirational and down to earth... Not to mention her little girl Lexington is very cute and can eat like a grown man.  
Yeah, staying physically fit will do that...  
What happened to all the stretch marks between pics 2 and 3? 
In this day and age you dont have to pig out to survive child birth and have healthy kids. At their biggest, a fetus takes an extra 4-500cals. It's all about dedication and quit blaming genetics. If I can find it later, a study was done and found only ~5lbs accounted for genetic predisposition to accumulate adipose tissue.

 And I know some people have diseases which effect weight but accounts for less than 1% of the population. 
This is a cautionary tale. That's what a microscopic sperm can do to ya.  
*This Woman's Body 
Good job Mom!  Now raise your child with love and enjoy the journey! 😊 
We’re the original 3D printers.  
Lucky mf, I still look like the first pic and I'm biologically incapable of getting pregnant. 
This chick would be crucified on Australian TV. Just this week they went on a rant about how women's bodies DON'T just return to pre baby condition and any women who does is a freak.  
They're like some advanced biological human incubation and reproduction chamber.. But with thoughts and feelings and stuff. 
Mother is the most powerful in the earth !! 
Yes, she put in a lot of hard work. And good for her she looks great! But to the new Moms out there, if you are going to be nursing your baby you don't want to lose weight too fast. It is almost guaranteed to end in needing supplementation. That extra fat is there to ensure the baby thrives. There is time to go back to feeling sexy when baby is not dependent on you for their food supply.  
has she looked at the baby yet? it's pretty cute. 
Plot twist; Should be viewed from ~~left to right~~ right to lefft:

- Picture with her niece.

- Just pregnant

- About to give birth 
[deleted] 
That*  
...well, hers is. 
Beautiful  
well, her's is anyway.  
*shows wife* 
Can anyone tell me if the second pic is after the baby or before she really started showing, I feel like its after baby, but I would think there would be baby in pic like with third? I'm probably over thinking lol.. 
Yayyy!! IG is @reviejane 
fucking wow.

 
7dla8j
Mom changed the most. 
https://www.yahoo.com/lifestyle/woman-born-severe-facial-deformity-happy-ending-220738052.html 
Aww. I love a happy ending. 


They’re totally worth the extra twenty bucks.  
That's an ugly baby damn 
Awe she's so pretty :) 
Looks like she ended up picking the more handsome fella of the two. 
I wonder if that's why we can only see the side of his face  
What else is going on, I think it's kinda cool that you got this together 
The takeaway here is to never trust what somebody tells you always research on your own 
Her mom's clearly a bitch 
‘Two Guys on Your Head’ said last week that people rarely laugh alone.

Oops, I did it again. 
Jeez, that's just a hemangioma? That has to be the worst hemangioma in history.

EDIT: It's not. It's so fucking not. For the love of all that is good and decent, don't google image search hemangioma. 
Son of a bitch... 
You know, i always want to say there is no such thing as an ugly baby... but every once in a while one suprises you. 
Prepare for the downvotes... 
It’s about her, the bride is the baby. 
She probably turned out as well as she did thanks to her mom. 
You know one day I'm gonna learn to just trust the people on Reddit when they say not to google something.  I googled it and after the first few images I'm like "ok this isn't that bad, let's look at a few more just for the fuck of it"

Yea, worst mistake I've made this week. Dear sweet, tap-dancing, baby Jesus please remove these images from my mind. 
Thank you. 
Fuck that. Human babies are ugly as sin. Disgusting little monsters that drool all over themselves, with food and sticky shit. 


Baby giraffe fall like ten fucking feet and then can get up and walk around after like twenty mins. Human babies are useless until they're like 6 when they can start doing manual labor.
 
I gave him an upvote.  
>She probably turned out as well as she did thanks to her mom.



Yeah, deformed

 
Now i wana look... 
Child labor laws are ruining this country. 
/r/unexpected 
Honestly it's probably not the WORST shit ever but some if the images are horrible. 
7dqpjs
indeed, muzzle flash is a very brief phenomenon.  
Gotta have that lucky r/PerfectTiming 
Try filming then pulling a frame 
Pro-tip: When taking photos at the range (with an iphone) hold down the shutter button(the white button on the screen). It will burst capture as long as you hold the button down. I’m not certain of the FPS however. You can also shoot in slow mo (240fps), and then pull individual frames. 
Looks like that round is going to be on target too. Nice shot, to both of you. 
Looks like a screenshot of a game. 
Couldn't you just take a video and get a still from that? 
[mine’s](https://imgur.com/a/TS61V) not as dramatic 
My mother took a photo like this of my dad firing a muzzle loader back in the 80s. Good on you catching such a rare single frame photo.  
Walther detected! 
What about the bullet projectile? I feel like that's even harder to catch. 
It's not a phenomenon; we can perfectly explain muzzle flash 
The muzzle flash would happen so quickly that it would most probably occur in between video frames. You would be just as lucky to catch it in video. When filming Scarface they electronically linked the guns to the shutter of the camera just to capture the flashed in the film  
Well I didn't know when he was gonna pull the trigger too. Noticed it only after he pointed it out. Though the point I'm curious about is for how long is this shot possible? I feel like a few miliseconds is the difference between a good shot and nothing. 
Thank you kind sir. 
Honestly I never tried but I doubt it would happen. The fps is just not enough I think. May require many takes. 
phenomenon - Any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning. 
That's awesome about Scarface. Had no idea 
Yeah this seems extremely rare 
Well you got it taking a still picture at 1fps. 60 fps video is much more likely to capture the right moment.  
phenomenon - a fact or situation that is observed to exist or happen, especially one whose cause or explanation is in question. 
phenomenon - do do dodo do 
7dpynl
At what age did the kids eyebrows drop? 
It honestly looks like no one except the two youngest aged at all.  
You didn't changed much over the years!

I actually suspect everything went smaller except your cousins 
delightful. 
Tree on the left is really kicking ass!

Edit: The top branches in the new picture also perfectly line up with the cracks in the older picture... this requires further study. 
That chick with the monobrow didnt age at all. 
Dude on the right is really happy his eyebrows migrated to his upper lip.  
The usual age. 
7drkka
9/10 would eat 
As this is /r/pics, a a significantly higher quality version of this image can be found [here](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DOtzxdSWkAA2R-C.jpg:large).

 [Here](https://twitter.com/cbranch89/status/930965053083455489) appears to be the source.   
Where’s the Flaming Hot version?  
Honestly, I'd rather just have Cheetos. 
We're just getting started. Just wait for Cheetos Doritos Locos Coca Cola!  
I would say that Humanity has jumped the shark! 
I just want to be able to buy the Cheetos powder. I'd buy it in bulk and put it on everything. And I mean everything. 
Scientifically humanity peaked in 1994. Literally nothing has been as good as that year.  
Anybody know where I can try these? 
Trying to eat healthy but I would go to theater just to eat these bad boys.

For those saying buy the bagged ones...probably totally different out of a bag as opposed to fresh popcorn.  
Flamin hot option?  
These have existed for as long as I can remember. They're not Cheeto branded but they taste the same. They come in those big popcorn variety tins usually found around Christmas time.  
Would I try this? Probably. 
Ordinary Cheetos just turns your two fingers orange. This would turn your whole hand orange!  
I do this at home with all sorts of salty bagged goodies, chips, cheese doodles, fritos, doritos, whatever, put it on freshly popped popcorn, and you've got yourself an awesome warm frankenbowl. 
They sell these in the supermarket. They're just a modified cheeto puff.

Still good though. 
FrankenTeddy would be pleased 
Omg where??????????????????????? 
should mix in some popcorn chicken 
Has science gone to far? 
I have this at my theater.  
Definitely my favorite  
Nothing but YES on this... 
Go on........ 
Hmm, nearly, should be flaming hot Cheetos 
What a time to be alive.  
You can get this at gas stations in bags like normal Cheetos. 
What a time to be alive! 
Did they run out of the hot Cheeto popcorn?  
this seems to be a growing trend lately... cheeto coated turkey, cheeto breaded burgers, even this really great [cheeto coated poke burrito](https://cdn.trendhunterstatic.com/thumbs/sushi-burritos.jpeg) 
7dkw91
90 pounds, you forgot the 10 pounds of makeup in pic 2  
 I don't want to be insensitive but what happens to all  lost skin. Does it get tighten up too or just loosely hang? I'm just curious.  
Wow!!!! That is amazing and major props on getting in shape! Shit's rough. Its amazing how hard you have to kick your own ass to lose weight 🙄 That's a ton of dedication, discipline and hard work so good job. You look so healthy!

What did you do to get here? I've been doing TRX which I love, but I'm also feeling like I'm hitting a small plateu... I know I need to adjust my diet but being petite I can't really cut my calories all that much. Just curious what you did because you obviously did it right.

Your makeup skills got some major improvement too! Your eyeliner is fucking crisp and beautiful, and I love your subtle,  natural looking contour. It's inspiring tbh. Ignore those negative douchelords, your makeup is fucking flawless and so are you. 
How do you feel? 
i see these picture, and the faces always look similar but unless i had context, i'd think they were two different people. do you look at your current face or previous face and feel like it's unfamiliar, or not your face? 
who is downvoting every comment in this thread? 
Wow great job you look great btw 😊 
Wtg! 
Wow, that looks like a world of difference. You look like a completely new person. Well done and keep up the hard work. 
This makes me realize that I am a loser who only knows failure  
👍  
Congrats 
The most amazing thing to me about these progression  pics is the change in the face! It's like a new person. Congrats! 
Dang, you're so cute! Great job!!  
As a man I look at women who over wear makeup and question when they sleep. Honestly less is more in most cases, nothing really attractive about a girl up close covered in make up to the extreme.

But seriously.. when do they sleep! The effort. 
Fuckin beat me to it 
Yes all the time! It's honestly the weirdest feeling looking at myself now because my face has changed SO much. I actually have a jawline now and my nose shape is different. It's hard to believe how much weight we can carry on our faces!  
Thank you!! 
with a loss of over 100 pounds, it probably feels like you have a completely different body, right? 
7dr599
Cats like "da fuck just happened" 
This picture has been associated with [earthquakes](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/70i96h/pure_joy_after_an_earthquakefinding_her_cat_safe/) and [hurricanes](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/70ik7u/this_woman_finding_her_cat_after_a_hurricane/) before, but OP is correct!

Per /u/notre41 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/70i96h/pure_joy_after_an_earthquakefinding_her_cat_safe/dn3fr10/):

> Woman Finds Cat Alive in Home’s Debris 16 Days Later
JUNE 9, 2011 POSTED BY KAREN HARRISON BINETTE
The moment of joy is captured as Terrla Cruse finds the cat she thought was lost forever, on the day she made her final visit to the debris piled site where her home once stood.Terrla Cruse, husband J.E., and the family dog all made it to safety in the cellar of their home one minute before a deadly, destructive tornado struck Joplin MO on May 22. The family’s two cats were not so lucky. Afterward, the house was destroyed, one cat had died, and 13 year old Laverne was missing. After a couple of visits to the Joplin Humane society’s tornado pets clearinghouse facility met with no luck the family assumed they would never see their other cat again.This Tuesday, June 7, Terrla and her sister made one final trip to the debris pile where the Cruse home once stood. ... Laverne was discovered under some debris.
http://www.lifewithcats.tv/2011/06/09/joplin-tornado-woman-finds-cat-alive-in-homes-debris-16-days-later/ Joplin, MO tornato June 2011.

 
Cat has a nonchalant "Hmm. What a ride" look on its face. 
Pam? 
The look on her face says it all!!!  
That's pretty damn amazing.   
Now she owns a cat. 
"Woman, I was just walking here, let me the fuck down" said the cat 
Man, we drove through Joplin about 6 months later from  when that tornado landed and it still looked like it had been only a few hours.  Fucking scary.

 Then my hometown was hit by a large tornado, I think f4, a year later. Went right down the main highway, tore up buildings like straw houses.
Moved soon after that. 
Like what do you even do when you're homew destroyed like that? Can't even imagine what to do first and all the steps in recovering  
It's the small victories aye?  
r/photoshopbattles 
I'm lovin it 
I remember that happening in Joplin vividly, however I didn't live in area or even Missouri at all. I remember reading it on the news. Pretty astounding to hear 150+ died in a tornado. I think this was the deadliest in the 21st century 
I think it's great that you have acknowledged the fact that you have this going on 
This makes me immeasurably happy. 
Man I can't wait to eat this cat 
"Look how beat up and dirty my pussy is!" 
Wait did Joplin get hit again, or is this from a few years ago? 
Was probably just sitting there waiting for someone to feed it. 
Why don't Americans build their homes out of brick and concrete like the rest of the world? 

Here in Sweden you would never see this because our homes are not made of plastic, cardboard and plywood. 
"I found food, jed! Get the hibatchi!" 
I'm never hitting the nip again  
I really hope the other cat's name was Shirley  
"It was kind of cozy down there" 
that IS her cat. she thought it was killed or whatever and she found it again 
!!! 
June 2011. 
Here in Missouri you would never see this because we also have brick houses...oh wait, you would see this because tornadoes destroy brick houses. 
7dl8o3
no way it comes off that clean first swipe. im call bs 
IF they wanted it to have some permanence, they wouldn't have drawn it on a chalkboard in a classroom. 
I couldn't do it. It would stay up there forever.  
who wipes a board like this? you do it in columns from top to bottom, (i'm even generous and won't care if left to right or reverse)

yes blame my math teacher who would have use clean the board until we did it "right" 
Im gonna guess this is Japan?
Those dudes love destroying beautiful shit they've created, probably got a word for it too.  
It wiping away like a paper towel commercial is rather likely.  
Source: Worked with blackboards most of my life. 
7drtsq
Nice. Extra points for having the pooch in Snoop's spot. Watch that smile up top though-- Dre doesn't fuck with smiling. 
Is this show on Netflix ? 
Um...Do you all need another roommate? Jeez..ya'll photogenic as fuck. 
I'm just shocked by the number of people who are not getting the refetence.

[Death Row Records](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Cfcu0AjUsAEbr1s.jpg) 
r/fakealbumcovers 
Nice! [Did the same thing a few years ago with my friends](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/te143/so_my_friends_all_roommates_wanted_a_family/) 
I also love that you got the 2Pac ring. An often overlooked, but important detail. 
Your girl friend looks strikingly like Gillian Anderson. 
It's like X-Files meets the funky bunch with a little bit of muppets sprinkled in.. 
Most of the comments so far missing this being Death Row hurts my soul 
Roommates doing a group Christmas card is a thing now? Hate to break it to you, you're family. 
Is that Jan Levinson-Gould? 
Why tf is Jan living with you 
Doesn't hurt that you are all totally hot, including the dog... 
Was thinking [Queen II](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ad/Queen_II.jpg) 
Ea sucks 
Agent Scully is your roommate? 
Hampton Brandon  
The Gang does a Photoshoot  
I can tell which one is you (the one on top) just by the way I think Redditors look 
Any person out there wants a roommate, you won't have to worry about your roommates being.. all in your Snapchat videos. All on your IG story. Dancin'. Live at Death Row! - The girl, probably. 
It bums me out how many people didn't get the reference. Great pic!  
Rob and big did this years ago. But I think you already know that. 
I wish Sharon Stone was my roommate... 
Oh God... is it ”quirky christmas card” season already? 
Boyz II Bitches should be your band name if you were to release an album. 
Are you all models or something because you're all insanely beautiful 
The house mop is smirking  
Yo this is gold. Y'all baller  
7dhzr6
Weird I have the same image in my repost office. 
"Doctor, is fluffy going to be okay?"

"...Deborah, please go light the candle"

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" 
I have seen a similar sign in a hospice facility as well as a "memorial" for those who passed that week. Sad, I know. 
~~Repost~~

EDIT: I'm a dumbass. 
They have that at our vet office. They had to light the candle for us last time we were there since we had to say goodbye to our dog. 
Wow, that tugged at the heart strings and I didn’t even see it coming... 
Weird, I took this pic earlier today when I took my dog in for his bortatela shot.  Has something similar been posted on this site in the past decade?  I'm sorry, I don't live on this website so I wouldn't know. 
Repost of a pic I took earlier today and sent to no one?  Wow, some one call Fox Mulder! 
Same here. I’m tearing up :( 
Just for the snark, have a correction: *bordatella. 
Oh shit, I looked into it and found out these candles are actually quite common in veterinary clinics and I was thinking of a slightly different version that I saw in this sub a few months ago. My mistake, I thought this image was the same one! 
7dqcc1
Yeah its Melbourne.
The council has specified a number of lane ways in Melbourne that you can graffiti legally 
That's so cool. Where is this at? 
That's looks like something straight outta kids book.  
Why Slimer so pissed?  
7ds9sh
[Go With The Flow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcHKOC64KnE) 
All it needs is skinny wide whites and steelies all around. 

 
Lovely  
I am a pretty big fan of the [panel truck version](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/73/00/05/7300054167e915412ade684a1745dbaf.jpg). I could easily slap a Vault-Tec decal on it and drive around in it. 
I love this style. Want one. 
Drools... 
Anyone remember Ford Racing 2?  
Flat black paint is so awesome.  
I love the lines on the mid 50s cars and trucks. I still want a 57 belair or nomad.  
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 
My fave ! 💗👍🏻 
vapid slam van 
Trevor Philips like this too  
7dmkvu
Just wanted to look more manly  

Spotted - You have a lot of fairground fans but some are unique in their kind and come up with fun games. For example, a very remarkable bumper car was spotted on the Maaspoort last week. 
doesn't get more manly than that does it? 
7drpfb
more [conversation/information can be found in these previous posts](http://karmadecay.com/r/pics/comments/7dlxp9/sleeping_husky/) 
I don't think they come like this. Your husky may be broken. 
Thats my iphone homepage. You fucking wolf 
wow 
This is Loki (@lokithewolfdog on IG) he’s been in some Mercedes ads and travels all over with his owner.  
Let me guess - iPhone X? 
Not sleeping. It's dead. Eyes closed, body limp, pale fur, all the signs are there.  
No, just a spambot account using an old image with a title from half a decade ago. http://karmadecay.com/results/u9709624# 
Yup. OP  seems to be part of [this ring](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheseFuckingAccounts/comments/7c37jn/ring_that_all_were_born_on_july_31_2016_and_woke/) of karma-farming bots. 

For anyone not familiar with these types of accounts (and how they hurt reddit), [this page](https://www.reddit.com/r/quityourbullshit/comments/3jss04/meta_spammers_how_they_work_and_how_to_spot_them/) may help to explain.  
7dlxp9
I just wanna... I just wanna hug it. Like, pet it's head too. "You're fuckin' awesome, man. You've got some fuzzy ass ears. And those horns are fuckin' lit." 
Looks like something from the Star Wars universe. 
It looks like an alien.  
[This version](https://i.imgur.com/dY04Cwn.jpg), which is 194% larger, was submitted yesterday to /r/funny:

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7dfh9e/the_critically_endangered_saiga_antelope/

Why was it in funny?  Yeah, it probably should have been in /r/pics instead.  Still, the link is useful if you want more information. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saiga_antelope

The saiga antelope *(Saiga tatarica)* is a critically endangered antelope that originally inhabited a vast area of the Eurasian steppe. 
Evolution can certainly be cruel. 
One weird dude. 
This is my dad. 
This is real? 
...how did I not know these existed..?? 
The Jimmy Durante of antelope. 
Nah. This has gotta be a teaser photo for the new Star Wars.  
And you thought they smelled bad on the outside. 
Why was it in funny? Have you seen its face? 
Sigh...it’s always traditional Chinese medicine 😞 buy some viagra or whatever and leave our wonderful antelopes alone 
7dnfyi
That is pretty neat.   
This is why *some* forest fires are good 
7dq7jz
You have a much better view than I do at work. 
Almost heaven...
 
That's when you announce our gate isn't ready yet and the landing will be a few minutes late. 
Stop staring out the window and get back to work.  Those TPS reports aren't going to fill themselves out! 
My dream office.   Fuck, I cannot wait until I obtain my Commercial rating.    
Close! 
7dqh6t
Do not back up to avoid damage to your tires. 
Looks like somebody already took it after the paint dried 
" when you come to a fork in the road, paint it' 
Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200. 
7dqezf
Looks like my gramps old art room.  
What does he work on? 
I bet if you moved a single thing he'd notice almost immediately 
Feels like a slightly messier (in a good way) version of the toy repairman's workshop in Toy Story 2 
r/cozyplaces 
cool! 
Really? Do you have a picture of it? 
Anything he wants to is my guess
 
He would just think that he missplaced it. 
I wish. Only in my memory.

 I'll ask my mom if there's any. 
Basically this. Although he preferes electronics such as radios, clocks, headphones, alarm clocks, small toys that work on battery etc.
He also makes his own creations. 
7don6e
The cat is a Browns fan. 
He was a cat burglar.  
Lol it seems that your witness can't open his mouth  
Kitteness protection program 
Witness puuuurrrrrrrtection program 
No one cared who I was till I put on the bag. 
Weren't the Bagheads originally New Orleans "Aints" fans?  
Well, they do say, “snitches get stitches and buried in ditches. “ 
Originally, but goes even farther to the bag headed comic who inspired them https://youtu.be/AoFfLvy3quA 
7dr6ng
[Here](https://i.imgur.com/ws2flNh.jpg) is a significantly higher resolution version of this image.

[Here] (https://www.nationalgeographic.com/photography/photo-of-the-day/2017/10/seal-skagen-denmark/) provides the following information:

> OCTOBER 1, 2017

> MORNING SUN

> A seal basks in early morning sunlight in Skagen, Denmark. The fishing town is located at the northermost point of Denmark, and watching the seals relax and play is a common tourist diversion. 
I'm lovin' it 
Seals are so adorable...  
[One Happy Seal Model!](https://letsfeelbetter.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/seal.jpg) 
7dmoun
This is some r/fakealbumcovers material here 
That's a cool fucking picture. It looks like a Godspeed You! Black Emperor album. 
Poor squarebody :( 
I'd like to think you pulled up took the photo and said "neat" and then drove off. 
Same thing happened with me once, except it was a van.  
7drdxe
I'd only need around 4 tickets for the picture. 
you should probably invest in a bin 
That theatre better have some type of membership for you guys  
Meh. This is one of those things that's cool to you. 
Are you keeping them for a reason? Like a scrapbook or something? 
K? 
Is that 2 tickets stacked on each other? I counted around ~160, so means you and your SO have been seeing 1 movie per week for the last 3 years? 
I see a perfect PC in the back to watch netflix on though 
That's some horrible taste in movies. Nice collection though. 
Are you an Indian couple living in New Zealand?  
You should get moviepass 
That's crazy! I have about 100 saved up but usually theaters just scan your phone these days so no tickets :( 
All that money gone! 
A lot easier to sort them by date as well.  
Four, must be nice. I'd need one 
I only need 1!  
If you've seen some of the movies that are there, I'm going to need something more like an incinerator.  
Somewhat. $10 (NZD) tickets, every 5th movie free, plus a loyalty points system. So, not bad.  
Yea, going to incorporate it into a gift for my wife on our anniversary. 
 
Yea dude. Wife doesn't know that I've been holding onto them. Have out 5 year Wedding Anniversary coming up next month, going to make a scrapbook and give it to her as a gift. 
 
K 
Yup, stacked in twos. Although there are a few which have more, due to taking family or going in a group. Yea, I think I counted 159. I should've noted, it's sorted all by date going L-R/T-B. Really inconsistent with the times we went, there months which we saw one or two. Think the most for one month was 10.  
Haha, it's great for that. Can't beat sitting in a room with 100+ stinky people that like to check their phones every 5 minutes though.  
Yup, the worst of the worst is in there. My wife sees an 'interesting' looking movie, I swipe my card, and the rest is history.  
So close! My wife's Indian, I'm kiwi.  
Us exclusive? 
Our local has started incorporating that as well if you book online (which we usually do). We just started booking, then picking up in advance. Any plans for what you're doing with them?  
Usually I'd agree, I struggle to justify spending money on purchases. I like sentimental things, so creating these kind of memories is priceless to me.  
look into movie pass, $9.99 a month and you get to see a movie at a theater once a day for free. it’s $6.99 if you pay for a year up front. 
7dr44f
That looks like a Pokemon in real life.  
He's just like us! 
7drbcl
Exclawipurr 
7drd66
>Went missing

Pretty obvious what happened here. The cat just snuck away to the monthly black cat meeting.  
...crap 
5 black cats!  I would have ran out of that alley screaming "...ME-OOOUT..." 
The Gang Attends a Black Cat Meeting 
Afterwards she was like, “Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your black panther party.” 
7drjyl
[Higher quality image for those who want it.] (http://public.media.smithsonianmag.com/legacy_blog/06_21_2013_periodic-table.jpg) 
Damn Canada isn't even on there. Well thanks I guess. 
My favorite lecture in college was by Glenn Seaborg (responsible for many of those American flags at the bottom of the table).

He talked about the days of the Manhattan Project and the challenges of maintaining secrecy while trying to manufacture Plutonium.

He also proudly pointed out there is no element called Stanfordium, but there is Berkelium and Californium.

I got him to sign my chemistry 1 book, which is still on my shelf. 
Surprised to see finland there so i looked it up. Turns out that one is  swedens. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yttrium 
Ha. Yet more evidenced of Britain's nobility. 
Germany: "I have discovered Zinc!"

Ancients: "Dude, zinc has been known since..."

Germany: "Yep, discovered it all by myself!" 
Damn.Germany had a good run from 106 (Seaborgium) to 112 (Copernicum) 
The sun never sets... 
Get it together Canada fuuuuuuck 
China wasn't stealing shit from other countries yet. 
Germany's fuckin metal... 
Not seeing a lot of middle eastern influence here.  
Praise the Loadah

Halleloooooyah

Cannahdeddanayyyymen 
Sorry 
In the grand scheme of things Canada is a fairly new country. 
Did you go to Cal or Stanford? 
Germany's fukin basic... 
Cal undergrad, Stanford masters. I consider myself a Cal guy though. 
7do8tj
Wow, really going for the moldy oldie with this one, huh?
 
6 years ago:  http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/fy46r/brave_cat/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/go7mm/fearless_cat_is_fearless/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/gsxh2/sick_fearless_bastard/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/g1h0q/brave_kitty/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ijksb/this_makes_me_anxious/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/cats/comments/mgcpx/fearless_cat/
 
5 years ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/n3ful/meanwhile_on_a_ledge/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ygvvk/one_badass_cat/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/oraik/daredevil/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/na8zl/just_a_cat_chilling/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/nfrxq/yeah_cat_good_idea/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/v81zr/supremelyconfident_cat/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/10kkuy/fearless/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/rfquo/this_pic_give_me_chills/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/rkv4f/awesome_cat/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/uskcb/monorail_cat_ballsy_a_fuck/
 
4 years ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1pin9q/enjoying_the_view_up_here/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1a7ylv/not_even_concerned/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/14zeu8/confidence_in_balance/
 
3 years ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2dzkl0/perfect_balance/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1x5a64/this_cat_has_more_balls_than_90_of_us/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1zil8s/this_cat_is_not_a_pussy/
 
1 year ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5cc178/enjoying_the_view/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4fbsvk/this_kitty_living_on_the_edge/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4wsp74/yes_i_still_have_my_balls/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/56j8rm/why_are_you_looking_at_me_like_that/
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/40uhot/view/
 
Last month: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/76jywh/fearless_cat/
 
 
No kidding that’s crazy 
I don't like this.  
Reddit moves so fast I am not sure why people have problems with re-posts?? Stop spending so much time online if you see re-posts alot 
My cat would fall... he is not the smartest 
This makes me extremely uncomfortable. 
This picture makes me uncomfortable. 
Heat: a Los Angeles cat saga 
Imagine trying to grab a kitty, and it freaks out and falls to its doom. 
Oooh, I've seen this movie.  I love when he kills the troll that was attacking Drew Barrymore 
2 possibilities here:

1.  Fake ass nonsense.
2.  Pet owner who fucking needs to have their pet taken away because they obviously care more about "ooooh cool picture time" than their pet's safety.

And if you're all like "Huh huh..don't get so salty, who pissed in your cereal? huhuh..." Ask yourself:  What if this were a human kid?  Someone would fucking get arrested.  But a cat...well, we on the internet have NEVER seen a cat fall off of something, so they're fine!  And it's just an animal anyway...

Disgusting. 
Seems to be part of [this ring](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheseFuckingAccounts/comments/7c37jn/ring_that_all_were_born_on_july_31_2016_and_woke/) of karma-farming bots. 

For anyone not familiar with these types of accounts (and how they hurt reddit), [this page](https://www.reddit.com/r/quityourbullshit/comments/3jss04/meta_spammers_how_they_work_and_how_to_spot_them/) may help to explain.  
And yet I've never seen this picture before, interesting.  
May be a repost but old reposts are sometimes fine since ive never seen this before 
Oh golly goodness gracious, someone posted something that's already been posted? On the internet? Oh boy someone better alert the authorities. What madness! 
I can tell, his eyes just look ~~batshit~~ crazy 
No kitten* that’s crazy 
They have a problem with karma farmers.  People create accounts to just repost popular old posts to get karma.  Then they sell the accounts. 
Eh, I kinda like seeing the history if this is a repost. 
Yea me too! 
To compare a human child to an adult cat that has probably done this a hundred times before is absurd.  
Did you just assume it's danger? 
On the other side I've had this image saved in my wallpapers folder since college. I graduated in 2011. 
Last month is "old" to you? 
Batshit more aptly described it!  Lol

How did you do that strikethrough of the word can you do it on mobile! 
So you'd be fine with letting your own cat hop up onto a curved railing of less than 5" width over 5 stories up from the ground?

What's absurd is the general public's capacity to ignore animal abuse, neglect, and careless handling as long as such is presented as something "cute", "clever", or "entertaining". 
6 years is old 
Use "~"  twice.  Example:  

~~ strikeout ~~

With no spaces. 
Last month: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/76jywh/fearless_cat/

 
7dm23h
